README.md, before:

# 📚 PaperGPTAgent - Research Paper Generator App

Welcome to **PaperGPTAgent**, your ultimate companion for crafting academic research papers with ease and efficiency. This powerful JavaScript application is designed to simplify the writing process, helping you produce high-quality, well-structured papers without the usual stress and time investment.

Whether you're a student working on an assignment, a researcher drafting a publication, or a professional preparing a proposal, PaperGPTAgent has you covered. Our app guides you through each step of the writing process, from brainstorming and organizing your thoughts to formatting your document and ensuring it meets academic standards.

With PaperGPTAgent, you can focus on what truly matters—your ideas and insights. Let the app handle the technicalities of formatting and structure, so you can concentrate on developing compelling arguments and presenting your research in the best possible light.

No matter your level of experience, PaperGPTAgent is here to assist you. It's not just about writing papers—it's about transforming your knowledge into a polished, professional document that showcases your hard work and dedication. So go ahead, dive into your next project with confidence, knowing that PaperGPTAgent is by your side, ready to help you succeed. 📝✨

## 🎥 Demo

Curious about how PaperGPTAgent works? Check out our [demo video on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K--Hce9_fts) or our [demo website](https://gpt.manelcomiche.com) at to see the app in action!

[![PaperGPTAgent](https://i.imgur.com/X5ZBFCx.png)](https://youtu.be/nLFAZhXpflQ)

## 🚀 Getting Started

To get started with PaperGPTAgent, you'll need to have Node.js installed on your system. If you haven't installed it yet, you can download it from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/). 📦

### Installation and Setup

Follow these steps to clone the repository and run the application:

1. **Clone the Repository**: Open your terminal and run the following command to clone the repository to your local machine:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/manelcomiche/PaperGPTAgent
    ```

2. **Navigate to the Project Directory**: Change into the project directory using the command:

    ```bash
    cd PaperGPTAgent
    ```

3. **Install Dependencies**: Ensure you have all the necessary dependencies installed by running:

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

4. **Run the Application**: Start the application using Node.js:

    ```bash
    node index.js
    ```

5. **Generate Your Paper**: Follow the on-screen prompts to start generating your research paper. You can customize the content and structure as needed. 📄🖋️

## ✨ Features

- **User-Friendly Interface**: Simple and intuitive interface to guide you through paper generation.
- **Customizable Content**: Modify the content and structure of your research paper according to your needs.
- **Quick Generation**: Save time by generating drafts in minutes, not hours.
- **Collaborative Work**: Use it as a starting point for collaborative research projects.

## 👥 Authors

This project was created and maintained by:

- **Manel Comiche**
  - Email: [hola@manelcomiche.com](mailto:hola@manelcomiche.com)
  - GitHub: [@manelcomiche](https://github.com/manelcomiche)

- **Leo** - Turing.sh
  - Email: [turing@turing.sh](mailto:turing@turing.sh)
  - GitHub: [@turing-sh](https://github.com/turing-sh)

## 🤝 Acknowledgments

A special thanks to **Turing.sh** for providing the technology and support to make this application possible. Their API and collaborative spirit have been invaluable to this project's success.

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the **Common Development and Distribution License 1.0 (CDDL-1.0)**. For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

---

Happy researching and writing! If you have any questions or suggestions, feel free to reach out to us. 📃🖊️

Commit message:

refactor: remove Turing API references and update to OpenAI API; modify environment variables and dependencies

README.md, after:

# 📚 PaperGPTAgent - Research Paper Generator App

Welcome to **PaperGPTAgent**, your ultimate companion for crafting academic research papers with ease and efficiency. This powerful JavaScript application is designed to simplify the writing process, helping you produce high-quality, well-structured papers without the usual stress and time investment.

Whether you're a student working on an assignment, a researcher drafting a publication, or a professional preparing a proposal, PaperGPTAgent has you covered. Our app guides you through each step of the writing process, from brainstorming and organizing your thoughts to formatting your document and ensuring it meets academic standards.

With PaperGPTAgent, you can focus on what truly matters—your ideas and insights. Let the app handle the technicalities of formatting and structure, so you can concentrate on developing compelling arguments and presenting your research in the best possible light.

No matter your level of experience, PaperGPTAgent is here to assist you. It's not just about writing papers—it's about transforming your knowledge into a polished, professional document that showcases your hard work and dedication. So go ahead, dive into your next project with confidence, knowing that PaperGPTAgent is by your side, ready to help you succeed. 📝✨

## 🎥 Demo

Curious about how PaperGPTAgent works? Check out our [demo video on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K--Hce9_fts) or our [demo website](https://gpt.manelcomiche.com) at to see the app in action!

[![PaperGPTAgent](https://i.imgur.com/X5ZBFCx.png)](https://youtu.be/nLFAZhXpflQ)

## 🚀 Getting Started

To get started with PaperGPTAgent, you'll need to have Node.js installed on your system. If you haven't installed it yet, you can download it from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/). 📦

### Installation and Setup

Follow these steps to clone the repository and run the application:

1. **Clone the Repository**: Open your terminal and run the following command to clone the repository to your local machine:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/manelcomiche/PaperGPTAgent
    ```

2. **Navigate to the Project Directory**: Change into the project directory using the command:

    ```bash
    cd PaperGPTAgent
    ```

3. **Install Dependencies**: Ensure you have all the necessary dependencies installed by running:

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

4. **Run the Application**: Start the application using Node.js:

    ```bash
    node index.js
    ```

5. **Generate Your Paper**: Follow the on-screen prompts to start generating your research paper. You can customize the content and structure as needed. 📄🖋️

## ✨ Features

- **User-Friendly Interface**: Simple and intuitive interface to guide you through paper generation.
- **Customizable Content**: Modify the content and structure of your research paper according to your needs.
- **Quick Generation**: Save time by generating drafts in minutes, not hours.
- **Collaborative Work**: Use it as a starting point for collaborative research projects.

## 👥 Authors

This project was created and maintained by:

- **Manel Comiche**
  - Email: [hola@manelcomiche.com](mailto:hola@manelcomiche.com)
  - GitHub: [@manelcomiche](https://github.com/manelcomiche)

- **Leo** - Turing.sh
  - Email: [turing@turing.sh](mailto:turing@turing.sh)
  - GitHub: [@turing-sh](https://github.com/turing-sh)

## 🤝 Acknowledgments

A special thanks to **Turing.sh** for providing the technology and support to make this application possible. Their API and collaborative spirit have been invaluable to this project's success.

*Since Turing.sh ceased its service, the official OpenAI API's are now used.*

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the **AGPL-3.0 license**. For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

---

Happy researching and writing! If you have any questions or suggestions, feel free to reach out to us. 📃🖊️
